feat: CMake update, part 1 (#2338)
pybind/pybind11: docs/compiling.rst

Configuration variables
-----------------------

By default, pybind11 will compile modules with the compiler default or the

> minimum standard required by PyBind11, whichever is higher.  You can set the

Reviewer: `PyBind11` -> `pybind11`

Author: I randomly use pybind11, Pybind11, and PyBind11 - just like I randomly use numpy, Numpy, and NumPy... I'll grep. :)

Author: This was the only one.

standard explicitly with
`CMAKE_CXX_STANDARD <https://cmake.org/cmake/help/latest/variable/CMAKE_CXX_STANDARD.html>`_:

.. code-block:: cmake

    # Use just one of these:

>     set(CMAKE_CXX_STANDARD 14)

Author: What about doing the standard formula here instead:

```cmake

set(CMAKE_CXX_STANDARD 14)
set(CMAKE_CXX_STANDARD_REQUIRED ON)
set(CMAKE_CXX_EXTENSIONS OFF)

```

I would expect users would be able to replace the 14 easily, and this is what you see in most CMake (non-library) projects.

Reviewer 2: Would be OK with me (potentially, you put `set(CMAKE_CXX_STANDARD 14)  # Change to 11, 14, 17 as wanted`

Do we need the last line, specifically for pybind11? If not, you might put a comment next to it that it's optional, and what it does?

Author: A: Added

B: No, this is just a strictness setting - CMake will do something like `-std=g++14` without it; projects still build correctly with the compiler specific extensions. I don't think it needs an explicit comment, since you often see these together like this - but I would have added one, I just didn't remember this till after I pushed.

Author: And the STANDARD_REQUIRED one is optional too, it just is allowed to "decay" if your compiler doesn't support it, when  many users prefer a config error.

Author: Added notes.

Reviewer 2: Thanks! :-)

.. code-block:: bash

    cmake -DPYBIND11_PYTHON_VERSION=3.6 ..

    # Another method:
    cmake -DPYTHON_EXECUTABLE=/path/to/python ..

    # You will often see this idiom:

>     cmake -DPYTHON_EXECUTABLE=$(python3 -c "import sys; print(sys.executable)") ..

Reviewer: "Idiom" strikes me as something mainly used for spoken language.

Author: I forgot to address this one...

Author: Changed.

    cmake -DPYBIND11_PYTHON_VERSION=3.6 ..
    # or

>     cmake -DPYTHON_EXECUTABLE=$(python3 -c "import sys; print(sys.executable)") ..

Reviewer 2: Maybe keep the old example as well?

    Studio (``/bigobj``).  The :ref:`FAQ <faq:symhidden>` contains an
    explanation on why these are needed.

    If you want to add these in yourself, you can use:

    .. code-block:: cmake

        cmake_minimum_required(3.9)

>         set(CMAKE_CXX_VISIBILITY_PRESET hidden)

Author: What about `VISIBILITY_INLINES_HIDDEN`, should we put that in here too?

Reviewer 2: Do we need to add symbol hiding ourselves? I would somehow like if this kept being the default, as it is now. I think lots of users might have no idea about it, but would produce huge extension modules/wheels. Other, running into problems with visibility, probably are doing more intricate stuff, so should be able to do research and disable "hidden" visibility, I'd say.

Author: Summary from below (not that GitHub lets me comment on this again): the was only for the "advanced" target (regular does proper visibility hiding still), and there are strong downsides to trying to set visibility through an interface target (unless CMake adds first class support for it), and it damages the "good" usage of it via the `pybind11_add_module` function.

I should note  here that 3.9+ is only needed for the line below, about the LTO; CMake 3.7 handles the VISIBILITY just fine.

        set(CMAKE_INTERPROCEDURAL_OPTIMIZATION ON)

>     or set teh corisponding property (without the ``CMAKE_``) on the targets

Author: ```suggestion
    or set the corresponding property (without the ``CMAKE_``) on the targets
```
